pages/getting-started/quick-start/what-kash.mdx, before:

---
title: What is Kash?
description: "An AI-Powered Decentralized Prediction Markets Protocol on Base, Fully Embedded into Social Media"
icon: "question"
---

<img
  style={{ borderRadius: '0.5rem' }}
  className="block dark:hidden"
  src="/assets/cover/cover.svg"
  alt="Hero Light"
/>
<img
  style={{ borderRadius: '0.5rem' }}
  className="hidden dark:block"
  src="/assets/cover/cover.svg"
  alt="Hero Dark"
/>

# An AI-Powered Decentralized Prediction Markets Protocol

Kash is a cutting-edge decentralized prediction markets platform that enables **anyone to create and trade on outcome markets directly from X (Twitter) posts**. Built on Base (Coinbase's Ethereum Layer-2 network), Kash uses blockchain technology, AI agents, and zero-knowledge cryptography to create a seamless social prediction experience.

Unlike traditional prediction markets where only platforms can create markets through approval processes, Kash enables **permissionless market creation** - anyone can create markets instantly without gatekeepers or restrictions.

---

# What Makes Kash Different

<AccordionGroup>
  <Accordion title="AI-Powered Market Creation, Validation & Resolution">
    **5 Specialized AI Personas** continuously monitor social media trends and automatically create relevant prediction markets:
    - **Crypto-Degen Agent:** Token listings, ETF approvals, DeFi milestones
    - **Sports Agent:** Match outcomes, player performance, championship winners
    - **Tech Agent:** Product launches, AI breakthroughs, earnings results
    - **Macro Agent:** Interest rate decisions, economic indicators, elections
    - **Pop-Culture Agent:** Award shows, album drops, celebrity drama
    
    Markets appear instantly when events become trending, ensuring you never miss an opportunity.
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="Social Media Native">
    **Predict directly from X without leaving your feed:**
    - Repost market posts with "YES \$50" or "NO \$100"
    - Interact with @kash_bot using natural language
    - Markets appear in trending social discussions
    - Turn any conversation into a prediction market
    
    No complex interfaces or separate apps required.
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="Truly Trustless">
    **Mathematical guarantees, not trust:**
    - **zkTLS + Zero-Knowledge ML:** Cryptographic proof of correct outcomes
    - **Non-custodial wallets:** You always control your funds
    - **Automated resolution:** No human bias or manipulation
    - **Publicly verifiable:** Anyone can verify resolution correctness
    
    Outcomes are proven mathematically, not decided by committees.
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="Gasless Experience">
    **Seamless onboarding and trading:**
    - 2-click account creation via X login
    - Gas fees sponsored by the protocol
    - Automatic token swaps (use any crypto)
    - No seed phrases or browser extensions needed
    
    Feels like using a traditional app, powered by blockchain.
  </Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

---

# How Kash Works

<Steps>
  <Step title="Event Detection & Signal Processing">
    **AI Personas Monitor Trending Topics**
    
    **How the 5 AI Agents Work Together:**
    - **Crypto-Degen Agent:** Monitors DeFi protocols, token launches, regulatory news, and crypto Twitter influencers
    - **Sports Agent:** Tracks game schedules, player news, injury reports, and prediction market movements
    - **Tech Agent:** Follows product launches, earnings calendars, patent filings, and tech industry announcements
    - **Macro Agent:** Watches economic indicators, Fed meetings, election polls, and geopolitical events
    - **Pop-Culture Agent:** Scans entertainment news, award shows, celebrity social media, and viral trends
    
    **Collaborative Intelligence:**
    Each agent scores potential markets in their specialty, then a coordinator combines scores to identify the highest-potential opportunities. This prevents any single agent from flooding the system and ensures diverse, high-quality market creation across all interest areas.
    
    **Signal Processing:**
    - **Real-time monitoring** of X, Reddit, news feeds, and existing prediction markets
    - **Prediction-Neural Behavioral Score** based on engagement, uncertainty, and viral potential
    - **Cross-validation** between agents prevents duplicate or low-quality markets
    - **User requests** can also trigger market creation via @kash_bot interactions
  </Step>
  
  <Step title="Market Creation">
    **Automated Market Deployment**
    - **AI-Generated Markets:** Validated trending events automatically become binary prediction markets
    - **User-Proposed Markets:** @kash_bot processes custom market requests from social media interactions
    - **Market Parameters:** Question, resolution criteria, trusted data sources, and 30-day maximum deadline are set
    - **Smart Contract Deployment:** New prediction market contracts deployed on Base blockchain
  </Step>
  
  <Step title="Market Validation">
    **Quality Control & Verification**
    - **Mira Network Validation:** Decentralized validators ensure markets are verifiable, binary, and have reliable sources
    - **Content Safety:** AI checks prevent prohibited topics (death, harm, manipulation)
    - **Resolution Clarity:** Verification that outcomes can be determined objectively from specified sources
    - **Duplicate Prevention:** System prevents creation of identical or overlapping markets
  </Step>
  
  <Step title="Instant Liquidity Bootstrap">
    **Automated Market Making**
    - **Passive LP Vault:** ERC-4626 vault automatically deploys USDC liquidity to new markets
    - **Uniswap v4 Integration:** Concentrated liquidity positioned around current market probability
    - **No Cold Start Problem:** Every market launches with professional-grade liquidity and minimal slippage
    - **Continuous Rebalancing:** Smart contract hooks automatically adjust liquidity as prices change
  </Step>
  
  <Step title="Trade Execution & Price Discovery">
    **Social Trading Begins**
    - **Natural Language Prediction:** Users place predictions by reposting "YES \$50" or "NO \$100" to market posts
    - **Automatic Token Conversion:** 0x aggregation swaps ETH, WETH, or DAI to USDC seamlessly
    - **Gas Sponsorship:** ERC-4337 paymaster covers all transaction fees for users
    - **Real-Time Pricing:** Constant Product AMM adjusts prices with each trade based on supply and demand
    - **MEV Protection:** Large trades protected via private mempools and off-chain RFQ systems
  </Step>
  
  <Step title="Market Resolution">
    **Trustless Outcome Determination**
    - **Trading Closure:** Market automatically closes at predetermined deadline
    - **Data Fetching:** ElizaOS resolution agent fetches outcome data from pre-specified trusted sources
    - **zkTLS Verification:** Reclaim Protocol generates cryptographic proof that data came from authentic website
    - **AI Analysis:** EZKL zero-knowledge ML proves the AI model correctly determined YES/NO outcome
    - **Combined Proof:** Both proofs merged into single zk-SNARK submitted to resolution contract
  </Step>
  
  <Step title="Automatic Settlement">
    **Instant Payout Distribution**
    - **Proof Verification:** Smart contract verifies the zero-knowledge proof on-chain
    - **Winner Determination:** Contract automatically determines winning outcome based on verified proof
    - **Instant Payout:** Winners receive $1.00 per winning share immediately
    - **Fund Distribution:** Losers receive nothing, funds instantly available in winner wallets
    - **Dispute Fallback:** Rare edge cases can be challenged through community governance with $KASH token voting
  </Step>
</Steps>

---

# Market Mechanics

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="How Pricing Works">
    **Probability-Based Pricing**
    
    Market prices directly reflect outcome probabilities:
    - **YES at $0.70** = 70% implied probability
    - **NO at $0.30** = 30% implied probability
    - **Always sums to $1.00** for complete market
    - **Prices adjust** with each trade based on supply and demand
    
    **Example:**
    ```
    Market: "Will Bitcoin reach $100k by March 1st?"
    YES: $0.65 (65% chance)
    NO: $0.35 (35% chance)
    ```
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab title="Binary Outcomes">
    **Simple YES/NO Structure**
    
    Every Kash market has exactly two outcomes:
    - **YES:** The event will happen as stated
    - **NO:** The event will not happen as stated
    - **Clear resolution criteria** specified at market creation
    - **Verifiable sources** predetermined for outcome verification
    
    **Market Examples:**
    - "Will the Lakers win tonight's game?"
    - "Will Apple announce a new iPhone model this month?"
    - "Will the Fed raise rates at the next meeting?"
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab title="Payouts & Fees">
    **Winner-Take-All System**
    
    **Winning Scenario:**
    - Correct outcome shares pay **$1.00 each**
    - Incorrect outcome shares pay **$0.00**
    - **2% platform fee** on all trades
    - **Instant settlement** upon market resolution
    
    **Example Calculation:**
    ```
    Your prediction: 100 YES shares at $0.60 = $60 cost
    Platform fee: $60 × 2% = $1.20
    Total cost: $61.20
    If YES wins: 100 shares × $1.00 = $100 payout
    Net profit: $100 - $61.20 = $38.80 (63% return)
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

---

# Core Technology Stack

<AccordionGroup>
  <Accordion title="Blockchain Infrastructure">
    **Built on Base for Performance**
    
    - **Base Network:** Coinbase's Ethereum Layer-2 for fast, low-cost transactions
    - **Smart Contracts:** CPAMM (Constant Product Automated Market Maker) for liquidity
    - **Account Abstraction:** ERC-4337 standard for gasless user experience
    - **MPC Wallets:** Privy technology for non-custodial key management
    - **0x Integration:** Automatic token swaps for seamless prediction
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="AI-Powered Operations">
    **Intelligent Market Management**
    
    - **Social Signal Processing:** Real-time analysis of trending topics across platforms
    - **Market Creation Engine:** Automated binary market generation with quality control
    - **Natural Language Processing:** Understands prediction commands in conversation
    - **Resolution System:** Cryptographic proof verification of outcomes
    - **Risk Management:** AI-driven fraud detection and prevention
  </Accordion>

  <Accordion title="Zero-Knowledge Proof System">
    **Trustless Resolution Technology**
    
    - **Reclaim Protocol zkTLS:** Proves data fetched from websites is authentic
    - **EZKL Zero-Knowledge ML:** Proves AI models make correct decisions on verified data
    - **Combined zk-SNARK proofs:** Mathematical guarantee of resolution correctness
    - **Privacy-preserving:** Proves correctness without revealing unnecessary data
    - **Publicly auditable:** Anyone can verify resolution was correct
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="Automated Liquidity System">
    **Instant Market Bootstrap**
    
    - **Passive LP Vault:** Users deposit USDC for automated market making
    - **Principal Protection:** Original USDC amount guaranteed regardless of outcome
    - **Uniswap v4 Integration:** Concentrated liquidity for maximum capital efficiency
    - **Smart Rebalancing:** Automatic position adjustments as prices change
    - **Target 6% APY:** From trading fees + protocol rewards + external yield
  </Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

---

# What Makes This Revolutionary

Kash represents a fundamental shift in how prediction markets operate.

**Revolutionary Aspects:**

- **Permissionless Market Creation:** Anyone can create markets instantly. No centralized processes or human gatekeepers
- **Zero Learning Curve:** Predict using natural conversation on familiar social media
- **Truly Decentralized:** No human control over market resolution or fund custody
- **Real-Time Creation:** Markets appear instantly when events become trending
- **Social Discovery:** Organic sharing and discovery replace traditional marketing
- **Cryptographically Secure:** Mathematical proofs ensure fair and tamper-proof outcomes
- **Automatic Liquidity:** Every market launches with guaranteed liquidity

**Key Benefits:**

- **For Traders:** Access to trending markets the moment they become relevant
- **For Creators:** Earn rewards for successful market creation and promotion
- **For Everyone:** Participate in collective intelligence gathering with skin in the game

<Tip>
Kash transforms prediction markets from complex financial instruments into natural social conversations with real stakes.
</Tip>

---

# Economic Model

- **Platform Fee**: 2% on all trades
- **Monthly Buybacks**: Treasury uses fee revenue for $KASH token buybacks
- **Market Resolution**: Automated resolution within 30-day maximum timeframes
- **Leveraged Prediction**: Available for qualified users
- **Creator Rewards**: Earn $KASH tokens for successful market creation

---

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Create an Account"
    icon="user-plus"
    href="/pages/getting-started/guides/creating-an-account"
  >
    Get started with Kash in 2 clicks
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="How to Use Kash"
    icon="compass"
    href="/pages/getting-started/quick-start/how-kash"
  >
    Learn the complete user process
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

Commit message:

Update documentation with custom AMM references and content improvements
- Add custom AMM references across market mechanics and trading options pages
- Update links and cross-references throughout documentation
- Improve content consistency and messaging across all pages
- Update social links and support information
- Enhance quick-start content with better explanations

pages/getting-started/quick-start/what-kash.mdx, after:

---
title: What is Kash?
description: "An AI-Powered Decentralized Prediction Markets Protocol on Base, Fully Embedded into Social Media"
icon: "question"
---

<img
  style={{ borderRadius: '0.5rem' }}
  className="block dark:hidden"
  src="/assets/cover/cover.svg"
  alt="Hero Light"
/>
<img
  style={{ borderRadius: '0.5rem' }}
  className="hidden dark:block"
  src="/assets/cover/cover.svg"
  alt="Hero Dark"
/>

# An AI-Powered Decentralized Prediction Markets Protocol

Kash is a cutting-edge decentralized prediction markets platform that enables **anyone to create and trade on outcome markets directly from X (Twitter) posts**. Built on Base (Coinbase's Ethereum Layer-2 network), Kash uses blockchain technology, AI agents, and zero-knowledge cryptography to create a seamless social prediction experience.

Unlike traditional prediction markets where only platforms can create markets through approval processes, Kash enables **permissionless market creation** - anyone can create markets instantly without gatekeepers or restrictions.

---

# What Makes Kash Different

<AccordionGroup>
  <Accordion title="AI-Powered Market Creation, Validation & Resolution">
    **5 Specialized AI Personas** continuously monitor social media trends and automatically create relevant prediction markets:
    - **Crypto-Degen Agent:** Token listings, ETF approvals, DeFi milestones
    - **Sports Agent:** Match outcomes, player performance, championship winners
    - **Tech Agent:** Product launches, AI breakthroughs, earnings results
    - **Macro Agent:** Interest rate decisions, economic indicators, elections
    - **Pop-Culture Agent:** Award shows, album drops, celebrity drama
    
    Markets appear instantly when events become trending, ensuring you never miss an opportunity.
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="Social Media Native">
    **Predict directly from X without leaving your feed:**
    - Repost market posts with "YES \$50" or "NO \$100"
    - Interact with @kash_bot using natural language
    - Markets appear in trending social discussions
    - Turn any conversation into a prediction market
    
    No complex interfaces or separate apps required.
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="Truly Trustless">
    **Mathematical guarantees, not trust:**
    - **zkTLS + Zero-Knowledge ML:** Cryptographic proof of correct outcomes
    - **Non-custodial wallets:** You always control your funds
    - **Automated resolution:** No human bias or manipulation
    - **Publicly verifiable:** Anyone can verify resolution correctness
    
    Outcomes are proven mathematically, not decided by committees.
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="Gasless Experience">
    **Seamless onboarding and trading:**
    - 2-click account creation via X login
    - Gas fees sponsored by the protocol
    - Automatic token swaps (use any crypto)
    - No seed phrases or browser extensions needed
    
    Feels like using a traditional app, powered by blockchain.
  </Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

---

# How Kash Works

<Steps>
  <Step title="Event Detection & Signal Processing">
    **AI Personas Monitor Trending Topics**
    
    **How the 5 AI Agents Work Together:**
    - **Crypto-Degen Agent:** Monitors DeFi protocols, token launches, regulatory news, and crypto Twitter influencers
    - **Sports Agent:** Tracks game schedules, player news, injury reports, and prediction market movements
    - **Tech Agent:** Follows product launches, earnings calendars, patent filings, and tech industry announcements
    - **Macro Agent:** Watches economic indicators, Fed meetings, election polls, and geopolitical events
    - **Pop-Culture Agent:** Scans entertainment news, award shows, celebrity social media, and viral trends
    
    **Collaborative Intelligence:**
    Each agent scores potential markets in their specialty, then a coordinator combines scores to identify the highest-potential opportunities. This prevents any single agent from flooding the system and ensures diverse, high-quality market creation across all interest areas.
    
    **Signal Processing:**
    - **Real-time monitoring** of X, Reddit, news feeds, and existing prediction markets
    - **Prediction-Neural Behavioral Score** based on engagement, uncertainty, and viral potential
    - **Cross-validation** between agents prevents duplicate or low-quality markets
    - **User requests** can also trigger market creation via @kash_bot interactions
  </Step>
  
  <Step title="Market Creation">
    **Automated Market Deployment**
    - **AI-Generated Markets:** Validated trending events automatically become binary prediction markets
    - **User-Proposed Markets:** @kash_bot processes custom market requests from social media interactions
    - **Market Parameters:** Question, resolution criteria, trusted data sources, and 30-day maximum deadline are set
    - **Smart Contract Deployment:** New prediction market contracts deployed on Base blockchain
  </Step>
  
  <Step title="Market Validation">
    **Quality Control & Verification**
    - **Mira Network Validation:** Decentralized validators ensure markets are verifiable, binary, and have reliable sources
    - **Content Safety:** AI checks prevent prohibited topics (death, harm, manipulation)
    - **Resolution Clarity:** Verification that outcomes can be determined objectively from specified sources
    - **Duplicate Prevention:** System prevents creation of identical or overlapping markets
  </Step>
  
  <Step title="Instant Liquidity Bootstrap">
    **Automated Market Making**
    - **Passive LP Vault:** ERC-4626 vault automatically deploys USDC liquidity to new markets
    - **Revolutionary AMM Bonding Curve:** Zero bootstrap time with built-in leverage, whale resistance, and social intelligence
    - **No Cold Start Problem:** Every market launches with professional-grade liquidity and minimal slippage
    - **Viral Social Dynamics:** Advanced bonding curve adapts to trending content with short-term memory for optimal price discovery
  </Step>
  
  <Step title="Trade Execution & Price Discovery">
    **Social Trading Begins**
    - **Natural Language Prediction:** Users place predictions by reposting "YES \$50" or "NO \$100" to market posts
    - **Automatic Token Conversion:** 0x aggregation swaps ETH, WETH, or DAI to USDC seamlessly
    - **Gas Sponsorship:** ERC-4337 paymaster covers all transaction fees for users
    - **Intelligent Pricing:** Custom bonding curve adjusts prices based on social signals, volume patterns, and time-to-resolution
    - **MEV Protection:** Large trades protected via private mempools and off-chain RFQ systems
  </Step>
  
  <Step title="Market Resolution">
    **Trustless Outcome Determination**
    - **Trading Closure:** Market automatically closes at predetermined deadline
    - **Data Fetching:** ElizaOS resolution agent fetches outcome data from pre-specified trusted sources
    - **zkTLS Verification:** Reclaim Protocol generates cryptographic proof that data came from authentic website
    - **AI Analysis:** EZKL zero-knowledge ML proves the AI model correctly determined YES/NO outcome
    - **Combined Proof:** Both proofs merged into single zk-SNARK submitted to resolution contract
  </Step>
  
  <Step title="Automatic Settlement">
    **Instant Payout Distribution**
    - **Proof Verification:** Smart contract verifies the zero-knowledge proof on-chain
    - **Winner Determination:** Contract automatically determines winning outcome based on verified proof
    - **Instant Payout:** Winners receive $1.00 per winning share immediately
    - **Fund Distribution:** Losers receive nothing, funds instantly available in winner wallets
    - **Dispute Fallback:** Rare edge cases can be challenged through community governance with $KASH token voting
  </Step>
</Steps>

---

# Market Mechanics

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="How Pricing Works">
    **Probability-Based Pricing**
    
    Market prices directly reflect outcome probabilities:
    - **YES at $0.70** = 70% implied probability
    - **NO at $0.30** = 30% implied probability
    - **Always sums to $1.00** for complete market
    - **Prices adjust** with each trade based on supply and demand
    
    **Example:**
    ```
    Market: "Will Bitcoin reach $100k by March 1st?"
    YES: $0.65 (65% chance)
    NO: $0.35 (35% chance)
    ```
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab title="Binary Outcomes">
    **Simple YES/NO Structure**
    
    Every Kash market has exactly two outcomes:
    - **YES:** The event will happen as stated
    - **NO:** The event will not happen as stated
    - **Clear resolution criteria** specified at market creation
    - **Verifiable sources** predetermined for outcome verification
    
    **Market Examples:**
    - "Will the Lakers win tonight's game?"
    - "Will Apple announce a new iPhone model this month?"
    - "Will the Fed raise rates at the next meeting?"
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab title="Payouts & Fees">
    **Winner-Take-All System**
    
    **Winning Scenario:**
    - Correct outcome shares pay **$1.00 each**
    - Incorrect outcome shares pay **$0.00**
    - **2% platform fee** on all trades
    - **Instant settlement** upon market resolution
    
    **Example Calculation:**
    ```
    Your prediction: 100 YES shares at $0.60 = $60 cost
    Platform fee: $60 × 2% = $1.20
    Total cost: $61.20
    If YES wins: 100 shares × $1.00 = $100 payout
    Net profit: $100 - $61.20 = $38.80 (63% return)
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

---

# Core Technology Stack

<AccordionGroup>
  <Accordion title="Blockchain Infrastructure">
    **Built on Base for Performance**
    
    - **Base Network:** Coinbase's Ethereum Layer-2 for fast, low-cost transactions
    - **Smart Contracts:** Proprietary bonding curve with social intelligence and whale resistance
    - **Account Abstraction:** ERC-4337 standard for gasless user experience
    - **MPC Wallets:** Privy technology for non-custodial key management
    - **0x Integration:** Automatic token swaps for seamless prediction
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="AI-Powered Operations">
    **Intelligent Market Management**
    
    - **Social Signal Processing:** Real-time analysis of trending topics across platforms
    - **Market Creation Engine:** Automated binary market generation with quality control
    - **Natural Language Processing:** Understands prediction commands in conversation
    - **Resolution System:** Cryptographic proof verification of outcomes
    - **Risk Management:** AI-driven fraud detection and prevention
  </Accordion>

  <Accordion title="Zero-Knowledge Proof System">
    **Trustless Resolution Technology**
    
    - **Reclaim Protocol zkTLS:** Proves data fetched from websites is authentic
    - **EZKL Zero-Knowledge ML:** Proves AI models make correct decisions on verified data
    - **Combined zk-SNARK proofs:** Mathematical guarantee of resolution correctness
    - **Privacy-preserving:** Proves correctness without revealing unnecessary data
    - **Publicly auditable:** Anyone can verify resolution was correct
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="Automated Liquidity System">
    **Instant Market Bootstrap**
    
    - **Passive LP Vault:** Users deposit USDC for automated market making
    - **Principal Protection:** Original USDC amount guaranteed regardless of outcome
    - **Revolutionary Bonding Curve:** Advanced memory system tracking time, volume patterns, and social dynamics
    - **Smart Rebalancing:** Automatic position adjustments as prices change
    - **Target 6% APY:** From trading fees + protocol rewards + external yield
  </Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

---

# What Makes This Revolutionary

Kash represents a fundamental shift in how prediction markets operate.

**Revolutionary Aspects:**

- **Permissionless Market Creation:** Anyone can create markets instantly. No centralized processes or human gatekeepers
- **Zero Learning Curve:** Predict using natural conversation on familiar social media
- **Truly Decentralized:** No human control over market resolution or fund custody
- **Real-Time Creation:** Markets appear instantly when events become trending
- **Social Discovery:** Organic sharing and discovery replace traditional marketing
- **Cryptographically Secure:** Mathematical proofs ensure fair and tamper-proof outcomes
- **Automatic Liquidity:** Every market launches with guaranteed liquidity

**Key Benefits:**

- **For Traders:** Access to trending markets the moment they become relevant
- **For Creators:** Earn rewards for successful market creation and promotion
- **For Everyone:** Participate in collective intelligence gathering with skin in the game

<Tip>
Kash transforms prediction markets from complex financial instruments into natural social conversations with real stakes.
</Tip>

---

# Economic Model

- **Platform Fee**: 2% on all trades
- **Monthly Buybacks**: Treasury uses fee revenue for $KASH token buybacks
- **Market Resolution**: Automated resolution within 30-day maximum timeframes
- **Leveraged Prediction**: Available for qualified users
- **Creator Rewards**: Earn $KASH tokens for successful market creation

---

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Create an Account"
    icon="user-plus"
    href="/pages/getting-started/guides/creating-an-account"
  >
    Get started with Kash in 2 clicks
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="How to Use Kash"
    icon="compass"
    href="/pages/getting-started/quick-start/how-kash"
  >
    Learn the complete user process
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
