pages/getting-started/quick-start/why-kash.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Why would I use Kash?'
description: 'Where Opinions Become Opportunities'
icon: "gamepad-modern"
---

<img
  style={{ borderRadius: '0.5rem' }}
  className="block dark:hidden"
  src="/assets/cover/cover.svg"
  alt="Hero Light"
/>
<img
  style={{ borderRadius: '0.5rem' }}
  className="hidden dark:block"
  src="/assets/cover/cover.svg"
  alt="Hero Dark"
/>

# The Problems Kash Solves

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Traditional Prediction Markets">
    **Complex and Inaccessible Platforms**
    
    **Current Problems:**
    - Complicated interfaces requiring extensive tutorials
    - Lengthy registration and verification processes
    - High minimum deposits and trading barriers
    - Limited market selection and slow creation
    - Geographic restrictions and regulatory hurdles
    
    **Kash Solution:**
    - 2-click onboarding through X authentication
    - Predict directly from social media conversations
    - Start with any amount you're comfortable with
    - AI-powered automated market creation
    - Global access with minimal restrictions
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab title="Centralized Control">
    **Trust and Transparency Issues**
    
    **Current Problems:**
    - Platforms control user funds and outcomes
    - Opaque resolution processes without verification
    - Single points of failure and potential manipulation
    - KYC requirements limiting global participation
    
    **Kash Solution:**
    - Non-custodial MPC wallets via Privy technology
    - Cryptographically verified AI-powered resolutions
    - Decentralized architecture on Base blockchain
    - Permissionless access without identity requirements
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab title="Poor Market Efficiency">
    **Liquidity and Speed Limitations**
    
    **Current Problems:**
    - Thin order books causing high slippage
    - Large spreads between bid and ask prices
    - Slow market creation missing trending opportunities
    - Limited trading hours and manual operations
    
    **Kash Solution:**
    - Constant Product Automated Market Maker (CPAMM)
    - Automated liquidity provisioning for new markets
    - Real-time market creation from social signals
    - 24/7 operation with instant settlements
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

---

# Kash's Unique Advantages

<AccordionGroup>
  <Accordion title="Permissionless Market Creation">
    **Revolutionary Market Creation Process**
    
    - **Anyone can create markets instantly** - no approval processes required
    - **No gatekeepers** - bypass traditional platform restrictions that limit market creation
    - **Instant market activation** - markets go live immediately upon creation
    - **Global market creation** - available to users worldwide
    - **AI-powered validation** - automated quality control without human intervention
    - **AI-driven with user input** - AI agents create markets from social signals and user requests
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="Social Media Integration">
    **Prediction Markets Where Conversations Happen**
    
    - **Native X Integration:** Predict directly from Twitter replies and DMs
    - **Natural Language Processing:** Use conversational commands like "YES 100"
    - **Social Discovery:** Markets appear in trending discussions automatically
    - **Community Building:** Build reputation and follow successful predictors
    - **Social Mechanics:** Share wins and insights with your social network
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="AI-Powered Operations">
    **Intelligent Automation at Every Level**
    
    - **Smart Market Creation:** AI monitors social signals for trending opportunities
    - **Automated Resolution:** Cryptographic proofs verify outcomes without human intervention
    - **Personalized Recommendations:** Markets tailored to your interests and expertise
    - **Risk Management:** AI-driven risk assessment and fraud prevention
    - **Predictive Analytics:** Advanced insights for better decision-making
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="Technical Innovation">
    **Cutting-Edge Blockchain Architecture**
    
    - **Base L2 Integration:** Fast, low-cost transactions on Coinbase's network
    - **Account Abstraction:** Gasless transactions via ERC-4337 standard
    - **MPC Wallets:** No seed phrases, recover through X account access
    - **0x Integration:** Automatic swaps for seamless predictions and MEV protection
    - **zkTLS Oracles:** Zero-knowledge proofs for trustless data verification
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="Economic Benefits">
    **Sustainable Value Creation**
    
    - **Competitive Fees:** 2% on trades, lower than traditional markets
    - **Gas Sponsorship:** Platform covers transaction costs for users
    - **Token Rewards:** Earn $KASH for market creation and participation
    - **Monthly Buybacks:** Treasury revenue supports the economy
    - **Leveraged Options:** Qualified users can amplify positions
    - **Creator Economics:** Earn from successful market proposals
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="Decentralized Governance">
    **Community-Owned and Operated**
    
    - **DAO Structure:** Token holders control protocol development
    - **Transparent Operations:** All code open source and auditable
    - **Censorship Resistance:** Decentralized infrastructure prevents shutdowns
    - **Global Accessibility:** Worldwide access with regulatory compliance measures
    - **Permissionless Innovation:** Anyone can build on Kash's infrastructure
  </Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

# Why Choose Kash Now?

<Steps>
  <Step title="Perfect Technology Convergence">
    **Multiple Innovations Aligned**
    - Social media platforms enable seamless integration
    - AI technology allows fully automated operations
    - Blockchain scaling makes transactions affordable
    - Crypto adoption provides ready user base
  </Step>
  
  <Step title="Growing Market Demand">
    **Massive Opportunity**
    - Information markets experiencing explosive growth
    - Social trading becoming mainstream across platforms
    - DeFi reaching maturity with proven infrastructure
    - Community-driven platforms consistently outperforming centralized alternatives
  </Step>
  
  <Step title="First-Mover Advantage">
    **Be Early in Revolutionary Space**
    - First truly social-native prediction market platform
    - AI-powered market creation and resolution at scale
    - Combination of social, AI, and blockchain technologies
    - Opportunity to influence and benefit from early ecosystem growth
  </Step>
</Steps>

# Kash vs. Traditional Platforms

| Feature | Traditional Markets | Kash |
|---------|-------------------|------|
| **Market Creation** | **Platform-only with approval** | **Anyone can create instantly** |
| **Onboarding** | 10+ steps, KYC required | 2 clicks via X account |
| **Market Creation Process** | Manual approval process | AI-automated validation |
| **Resolution Time** | Days to weeks | Automated within hours |
| **Fund Control** | Platform custody | Your non-custodial wallet |
| **Geographic Access** | Heavy restrictions | Global with minimal limits |
| **Social Integration** | None | Native X (Twitter) integration |
| **User Interface** | Complex trading dashboards | Social media conversations |
| **Minimum Amounts** | Often $100+ requirements | Start with any amount |
| **Gas Fees** | User pays all costs | Platform-sponsored transactions |
| **Market Discovery** | Search interfaces | Trending social discussions |

<Tip>
Kash represents the evolution of prediction markets: where social conversations, artificial intelligence, and decentralized technology converge to create the most accessible and powerful prediction platform ever built.
</Tip>

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="How It Works"
    icon="compass"
    href="/pages/getting-started/quick-start/how-kash"
  >
    Understand the process
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Get Started"
    icon="user-plus"
    href="/pages/getting-started/guides/creating-an-account"
  >
    Create your account
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

Commit message:

Update documentation with custom AMM references and content improvements
- Add custom AMM references across market mechanics and trading options pages
- Update links and cross-references throughout documentation
- Improve content consistency and messaging across all pages
- Update social links and support information
- Enhance quick-start content with better explanations

pages/getting-started/quick-start/why-kash.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Why would I use Kash?'
description: 'Where Opinions Become Opportunities'
icon: "gamepad-modern"
---

<img
  style={{ borderRadius: '0.5rem' }}
  className="block dark:hidden"
  src="/assets/cover/cover.svg"
  alt="Hero Light"
/>
<img
  style={{ borderRadius: '0.5rem' }}
  className="hidden dark:block"
  src="/assets/cover/cover.svg"
  alt="Hero Dark"
/>

# The Problems Kash Solves

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Traditional Prediction Markets">
    **Complex and Inaccessible Platforms**
    
    **Current Problems:**
    - Complicated interfaces requiring extensive tutorials
    - Lengthy registration and verification processes
    - High minimum deposits and trading barriers
    - Limited market selection and slow creation
    - Geographic restrictions and regulatory hurdles
    
    **Kash Solution:**
    - 2-click onboarding through X authentication
    - Predict directly from social media conversations
    - Start with any amount you're comfortable with
    - AI-powered automated market creation
    - Global access with minimal restrictions
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab title="Centralized Control">
    **Trust and Transparency Issues**
    
    **Current Problems:**
    - Platforms control user funds and outcomes
    - Opaque resolution processes without verification
    - Single points of failure and potential manipulation
    - KYC requirements limiting global participation
    
    **Kash Solution:**
    - Non-custodial MPC wallets via Privy technology
    - Cryptographically verified AI-powered resolutions
    - Decentralized architecture on Base blockchain
    - Permissionless access without identity requirements
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab title="Poor Market Efficiency">
    **Liquidity and Speed Limitations**
    
    **Current Problems:**
    - Thin order books causing high slippage
    - Large spreads between bid and ask prices
    - Slow market creation missing trending opportunities
    - Limited trading hours and manual operations
    
    **Kash Solution:**
    - Revolutionary Custom AMM Bonding Curve with social intelligence and whale resistance
    - Automated liquidity provisioning for new markets
    - Real-time market creation from social signals
    - 24/7 operation with instant settlements
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

---

# Kash's Unique Advantages

<AccordionGroup>
  <Accordion title="Permissionless Market Creation">
    **Revolutionary Market Creation Process**
    
    - **Anyone can create markets instantly** - no approval processes required
    - **No gatekeepers** - bypass traditional platform restrictions that limit market creation
    - **Instant market activation** - markets go live immediately upon creation
    - **Global market creation** - available to users worldwide
    - **AI-powered validation** - automated quality control without human intervention
    - **AI-driven with user input** - AI agents create markets from social signals and user requests
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="Social Media Integration">
    **Prediction Markets Where Conversations Happen**
    
    - **Native X Integration:** Predict directly from Twitter replies and DMs
    - **Natural Language Processing:** Use conversational commands like "YES 100"
    - **Social Discovery:** Markets appear in trending discussions automatically
    - **Community Building:** Build reputation and follow successful predictors
    - **Social Mechanics:** Share wins and insights with your social network
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="AI-Powered Operations">
    **Intelligent Automation at Every Level**
    
    - **Smart Market Creation:** AI monitors social signals for trending opportunities
    - **Automated Resolution:** Cryptographic proofs verify outcomes without human intervention
    - **Personalized Recommendations:** Markets tailored to your interests and expertise
    - **Risk Management:** AI-driven risk assessment and fraud prevention
    - **Predictive Analytics:** Advanced insights for better decision-making
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="Technical Innovation">
    **Cutting-Edge Blockchain Architecture**
    
    - **Base L2 Integration:** Fast, low-cost transactions on Coinbase's network
    - **Account Abstraction:** Gasless transactions via ERC-4337 standard
    - **MPC Wallets:** No seed phrases, recover through X account access
    - **0x Integration:** Automatic swaps for seamless predictions and MEV protection
    - **zkTLS Oracles:** Zero-knowledge proofs for trustless data verification
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="Economic Benefits">
    **Sustainable Value Creation**
    
    - **Competitive Fees:** 2% on trades, lower than traditional markets
    - **Gas Sponsorship:** Platform covers transaction costs for users
    - **Token Rewards:** Earn $KASH for market creation and participation
    - **Monthly Buybacks:** Treasury revenue supports the economy
    - **Leveraged Options:** Qualified users can amplify positions
    - **Creator Economics:** Earn from successful market proposals
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="Decentralized Governance">
    **Community-Owned and Operated**
    
    - **DAO Structure:** Token holders control protocol development
    - **Transparent Operations:** All code open source and auditable
    - **Censorship Resistance:** Decentralized infrastructure prevents shutdowns
    - **Global Accessibility:** Worldwide access with regulatory compliance measures
    - **Permissionless Innovation:** Anyone can build on Kash's infrastructure
  </Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

# Why Choose Kash Now?

<Steps>
  <Step title="Perfect Technology Convergence">
    **Multiple Innovations Aligned**
    - Social media platforms enable seamless integration
    - AI technology allows fully automated operations
    - Blockchain scaling makes transactions affordable
    - Crypto adoption provides ready user base
  </Step>
  
  <Step title="Growing Market Demand">
    **Massive Opportunity**
    - Information markets experiencing explosive growth
    - Social trading becoming mainstream across platforms
    - DeFi reaching maturity with proven infrastructure
    - Community-driven platforms consistently outperforming centralized alternatives
  </Step>
  
  <Step title="First-Mover Advantage">
    **Be Early in Revolutionary Space**
    - First truly social-native prediction market platform
    - AI-powered market creation and resolution at scale
    - Combination of social, AI, and blockchain technologies
    - Opportunity to influence and benefit from early ecosystem growth
  </Step>
</Steps>

# Kash vs. Traditional Platforms

| Feature | Traditional Markets | Kash |
|---------|-------------------|------|
| **Market Creation** | **Platform-only with approval** | **Anyone can create instantly** |
| **Onboarding** | 10+ steps, KYC required | 2 clicks via X account |
| **Market Creation Process** | Manual approval process | AI-automated validation |
| **Resolution Time** | Days to weeks | Automated within hours |
| **Fund Control** | Platform custody | Your non-custodial wallet |
| **Geographic Access** | Heavy restrictions | Global with minimal limits |
| **Social Integration** | None | Native X (Twitter) integration |
| **User Interface** | Complex trading dashboards | Social media conversations |
| **Minimum Amounts** | Often $100+ requirements | Start with any amount |
| **Gas Fees** | User pays all costs | Platform-sponsored transactions |
| **Market Discovery** | Search interfaces | Trending social discussions |

<Tip>
Kash represents the evolution of prediction markets: where social conversations, artificial intelligence, and decentralized technology converge to create the most accessible and powerful prediction platform ever built.
</Tip>

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="How It Works"
    icon="compass"
    href="/pages/getting-started/quick-start/how-kash"
  >
    Understand the process
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Get Started"
    icon="user-plus"
    href="/pages/getting-started/guides/creating-an-account"
  >
    Create your account
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
